When Mr. Bilbo Baggins of Bag End announced that he would shortly  
celebrating his eleventy -first birthday wh a party of special 
magnificence, there was much talk and excement in Hobbon. 

Bilbo was very rich and very 
peculiar, and had en the wonder of the 
Shire for sixty years, ever since his remarkable disappearance and 
unexpected return. The riches he had brought back from his travels had now 
come a local legend, and  was popularly lieved, whatever the old folk 
might say, that the Hill at Bag End was full of tunnels stuffed wh 
treasure. And if that was not enough for fame, there was also his prolonged 
vigour to marvel at. 
Time wore on, 
but  seemed to have ltle effect on 
Mr. Baggins. At ninety he was much the same as at fifty. At ninety-nine they 
gan to call him we//-preserved, but unchanged would have en nearer the 
mark. There were some that shook their heads and thought this was too much 
of a good thing;  seemed unfair that anyone should possess (apparently) 
perpetual youth as well as (reputedly) inexhaustible wealth. 

'  have to  paid for,' they said. ' isn't natural, and 
  come of !' 

But so far  had not come; and as Mr. Baggins was generous wh 
his money, most people were ing to forgive him his oddies and his good 
fortune. He remained on vising terms wh his relatives (except, of 
course, the Sackville-Bagginses), and he had many devoted admirers among 
the 
hobbs of poor and unimportant families. But he had no close friends, until 
some of his younger cousins gan to grow up. 

The eldest of these, and Bilbo's favoure, was young Frodo Baggins. 
When Bilbo was ninety-nine, he adopted Frodo as his heir, and brought him to 
live at Bag End; and the hopes of the Sackville-Bagginses were finally 
dashed. Bilbo and Frodo happened to have the same birthday, Septemr 
22nd. 

'You had tter come and live here, Frodo my lad,' said Bilbo one day; 'and 
then we can celebrate our birthday-parties comfortably together.' At that 
time Frodo was still in his tweens, as the hobbs called the irresponsible 
twenties tween childhood and coming of age at thirty-three. 
