When Mr. Bilbo Baggins of Bag End announced that he would shortly be 
celebrating his eleventy -first birthday with a party of special 
magnificence, there was much talk and excitement in Hobbiton. 

Bilbo was very rich and very 
peculiar, and had been the wonder of the 
Shire for sixty years, ever since his remarkable disappearance and 
unexpected return. The riches he had brought back from his travels had now 
become a local legend, and it was popularly believed, whatever the old folk 
might say, that the Hill at Bag End was full of tunnels stuffed with 
treasure. And if that was not enough for fame, there was also his prolonged 
vigour to marvel at. 
Time wore on, 
but it seemed to have little effect on 
Mr. Baggins. At ninety he was much the same as at fifty. At ninety-nine they 
began to call him we//-preserved, but unchanged would have been nearer the 
mark. There were some that shook their heads and thought this was too much 
of a good thing; it seemed unfair that anyone should possess (apparently) 
perpetual youth as well as (reputedly) inexhaustible wealth. 

'It will have to be paid for,' they said. 'It isn't natural, and 
trouble will come of it!' 

But so far trouble had not come; and as Mr. Baggins was generous with 
his money, most people were willing to forgive him his oddities and his good 
fortune. He remained on visiting terms with his relatives (except, of 
course, the Sackville-Bagginses), and he had many devoted admirers among 
the 
hobbits of poor and unimportant families. But he had no close friends, until 
some of his younger cousins began to grow up. 

The eldest of these, and Bilbo's favourite, was young Frodo Baggins. 
When Bilbo was ninety-nine, he adopted Frodo as his heir, and brought him to 
live at Bag End; and the hopes of the Sackville-Bagginses were finally 
dashed. Bilbo and Frodo happened to have the same birthday, September 
22nd. 

'You had better come and live here, Frodo my lad,' said Bilbo one day; 'and 
then we can celebrate our birthday-parties comfortably together.' At that 
time Frodo was still in his tweens, as the hobbits called the irresponsible 
twenties between childhood and coming of age at thirty-three. 

